    "apple": "A sweet fruit that is red, green, or yellow in color. Rich in fiber and vitamin C. Helps in digestion, boosts immunity, and supports heart health.",
    "banana": "A long, curved fruit that is yellow when ripe. High in potassium and vitamin B6. Provides energy, supports digestion, and maintains heart health.",
    "mango": "A juicy, tropical fruit that is yellow-orange in color. Rich in vitamin A and C. Improves skin health, boosts immunity, and aids digestion.",
    "grape": "A small, round fruit that comes in green, red, or purple varieties. High in antioxidants and vitamin K. Supports heart health, improves circulation, and boosts brain function.",
    "pineapple": "A tropical fruit with a spiky outer skin and sweet, tangy yellow flesh. Contains bromelain, vitamin C, and manganese. Aids digestion, boosts immunity, and supports bone health.",
    "strawberry": "A red, heart-shaped fruit with small seeds on the surface. High in vitamin C and antioxidants. Promotes skin health, reduces inflammation, and supports heart health.",
    "blueberry": "A small, round blue fruit rich in antioxidants and vitamin C. Boosts brain function, improves heart health, and supports eye health.",
    "papaya": "A tropical fruit with orange flesh and black seeds. Contains papain, vitamin C, and folate. Aids digestion, boosts immunity, and promotes healthy skin.",
    "kiwi": "A small, fuzzy brown fruit with bright green flesh. Rich in vitamin C, fiber, and potassium. Supports digestion, boosts immunity, and improves skin health.",
    "cherry": "A small, round fruit that is red or dark purple. High in antioxidants and vitamin C. Reduces inflammation, supports sleep, and promotes heart health.",
    "pomegranate": "A fruit with thick red skin and juicy seeds inside. Rich in antioxidants and vitamin C. Supports heart health, improves blood circulation, and boosts immunity.",
    "lemon": "A sour citrus fruit that is yellow in color. High in vitamin C. Improves digestion, detoxifies the body, and boosts immunity.",
    "pear": "A sweet fruit that is green or yellow and shaped like a teardrop. Rich in fiber and vitamin C. Supports digestion, improves heart health, and boosts immunity.",
    "coconut": "A tropical fruit with a hard brown shell and white flesh inside. Contains healthy fats, electrolytes, and fiber. Hydrates the body, improves digestion, and boosts brain function.",
    "fig": "A small, sweet fruit with soft flesh and tiny seeds. High in fiber, calcium, and antioxidants. Supports digestion, improves bone health, and regulates blood sugar.",
    "avocado": "A creamy, green fruit rich in healthy fats. High in potassium, fiber, and vitamin E. Supports heart health, promotes healthy skin, and aids weight management.",
    "guava": "A tropical fruit with green skin and pink or white flesh. Rich in vitamin C, fiber, and antioxidants. Improves digestion, boosts immunity, and regulates blood sugar.",
    "melon": "A large, juicy fruit with a sweet taste and high water content. Rich in vitamins A and C. Keeps the body hydrated, supports eye health, and aids digestion.",
    "watermelon": "A large fruit with a green rind and red flesh. Contains lycopene, vitamin C, and water. Keeps the body hydrated, supports heart health, and improves skin health.",
    "date": "A small, sweet fruit from the date palm tree. High in fiber, iron, and antioxidants. Provides energy, improves digestion, and supports bone health.",
    "plum": "A small, round fruit with smooth skin that ranges from red to purple. Rich in vitamins A and C. Supports digestion, improves bone health, and boosts immunity.",
    "peach": "A soft, fuzzy fruit with sweet, juicy flesh. High in vitamin C and fiber. Supports digestion, promotes skin health, and boosts immunity.",
    "apricot": "A small, orange fruit with a sweet taste. Rich in vitamin A and antioxidants. Supports eye health, improves digestion, and boosts skin health.",
    "blackberry": "A small, dark purple fruit with a tart-sweet taste. High in fiber, vitamin C, and antioxidants. Supports brain function, boosts heart health, and improves skin.",
    "raspberry": "A red, delicate berry with a tart-sweet taste. High in fiber and antioxidants. Supports digestion, boosts immunity, and improves skin health.",
    "gooseberry": "A small, green or yellow fruit with a tart taste. Rich in vitamin C and antioxidants. Boosts immunity, supports eye health, and aids digestion.",
    "mulberry": "A sweet, dark purple berry that grows on trees. High in iron, vitamin C, and fiber. Supports blood circulation, boosts immunity, and promotes hair health.",
    "lychee": "A small, pink fruit with a translucent white flesh inside. Rich in vitamin C and antioxidants. Supports skin health, boosts immunity, and improves digestion.",
    "dragonfruit": "A tropical fruit with a bright pink or yellow outer skin and white or red flesh inside. High in fiber and antioxidants. Supports digestion, boosts immunity, and improves skin health.",
    "passionfruit": "A small, round fruit with a tough purple or yellow outer shell and juicy pulp inside. High in fiber, vitamin C, and antioxidants. Supports heart health, improves digestion, and boosts immunity.",
    "starfruit": "A yellow, star-shaped tropical fruit. Rich in vitamin C and fiber. Supports digestion, boosts immunity, and improves skin health.",
    "jackfruit": "A large, tropical fruit with yellow, fibrous flesh inside. High in fiber, vitamin C, and antioxidants. Supports digestion, boosts immunity, and improves bone health.",
    "cantaloupe": "A sweet, orange-fleshed melon. High in water content, vitamin A, and C. Hydrates the body, boosts eye health, and supports digestion.",
    "honeydew": "A green-fleshed melon with a smooth outer skin. Rich in vitamin C and potassium. Hydrates the body, supports digestion, and promotes skin health.",
    "persimmon": "A bright orange fruit with a sweet, honey-like flavor. High in fiber, vitamin A, and antioxidants. Supports heart health, improves digestion, and boosts immunity.",
    "quince": "A yellow, hard fruit with a fragrant aroma. High in fiber and antioxidants. Supports digestion, improves skin health, and boosts immunity.",
    "boysenberry": "A dark red, juicy berry with a tart-sweet taste. Rich in vitamin C, fiber, and antioxidants. Supports digestion, boosts heart health, and improves skin.",
    "elderberry": "A small, dark purple berry used in syrups and teas. High in antioxidants and vitamin C. Boosts immunity, supports heart health, and reduces inflammation.",
    "cranberry": "A small, red berry known for its tart taste. High in vitamin C and antioxidants. Supports urinary tract health, boosts immunity, and improves heart health."